package="DownloadStation"
version="3.5-2988"
maintainer="Synology Inc."
arch="monaco"
firmware="5.0-4447"
dsmuidir="ui"
dsmappname="SYNO.SDS.DownloadStation.Application"
allow_altport="true"
support_center="yes"
install_dep_services="pgsql"
start_dep_services="pgsql"
silent_install="yes"
silent_upgrade="yes"
silent_uninstall="yes"
support_aaprofile="yes"
description_chs="Download Station 是一款网页式下载应用程序，可让您通过 BT、FTP、HTTP、NZB、FlashGet、QQDL 和 eMule 从 Internet 下载文件，并订阅 RSS Feed 来获得最热门或最新的 BT 信息。自动解压缩服务可以在每一次下载压缩文件至 Synology NAS 时，自动进行解压缩。使用 Download Station，您不仅能从多个文件空间服务网站下载文件，还可通过 BT 搜索功能中系统默认及自己添加的搜索引擎来搜寻 torrent 文件。"
description_cht="Download Station 是網頁介面的下載應用程式，可讓您透過 BT、FTP、HTTP、NZB、快車、騰訊、eMule 等服務，從網際網路下載檔案，訂閱 RSS 摘要來立即掌握最新最熱門的 BT 檔資訊。自動解壓縮的服務可在每次檔案下載至 Synology NAS 的時候，自動執行解壓縮。使用 Download Station，您不但可以從檔案空間分享網站下載檔案，同時還能透過 BT 搜尋功能中系統預設和自行新增的搜尋引擎，尋找 torrent 檔案。"
description_csy="Download Station je webová aplikace, která umožňuje stahování souborů z internetu prostřednictvím služeb BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL a eMule a přihlášení k informačním kanálům RSS s nejnovějšími informacemi o BT. V rámci stahování souborů nabízí službu automatické dekomprimace pro extrahování komprimovaných souborů na vaše zařízení Synology NAS. Díky Download Station můžete stahovat soubory ze serverů hostujících soubory a vyhledávat soubory torrent pomocí výchozích vyhledávačů systému nebo vlastních vyhledávačů s funkcí vyhledávání BT."
description_dan="Download Station er et webbaseret downloadprogram, som sætter dig i stand til at downloade filer fra internettet via BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL og eMule og abonnere på RSS-feeds for at holde dig opdateret om det bedste eller seneste BT. Den indeholder automatisk udpakningstjeneste, der hjælper dig med at udtrække komprimerede filer til din Synology NAS, når filer downloades. Med Download Station kan du downloade filer fra flere filwebsteder og søge efter Torrent-filer via systemstandard søgemaskiner samt egne tilføjede programmer med BT-søgefunktionen."
description_enu="Download Station is a web-based download application which allows you to download files from the Internet through BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL, and eMule, and subscribe to RSS feeds to keep you updated on the hottest or latest BT. It offers the auto unzip service to help you extract compressed files to your Synology NAS whenever files are downloaded. With Download Station, you can download files from multiple file hosting sites, and search for torrent files via system default search engines as well as self-added engines with the BT search function."
description="Download Station is a web-based download application which allows you to download files from the Internet through BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL, and eMule, and subscribe to RSS feeds to keep you updated on the hottest or latest BT. It offers the auto unzip service to help you extract compressed files to your Synology NAS whenever files are downloaded. With Download Station, you can download files from multiple file hosting sites, and search for torrent files via system default search engines as well as self-added engines with the BT search function."
description_fre="Download Station est une application de téléchargement Web qui vous permet de télécharger des fichiers depuis Internet via BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL et eMule, et de vous abonner aux flux RSS pour rester informé des BT les plus récents et les plus populaires. Elle offre le service de décompression automatique pour vous aider à extraire des fichiers compressés sur votre Synology NAS, chaque fois que des fichiers sont téléchargés. Avec Download Station, vous pouvez télécharger des fichiers à partir de plusieurs sites d'hébergement de fichiers, et rechercher des fichiers torrent via les moteurs de recherche par défaut du système ainsi que ceux que vous avez ajoutés avec la fonction de recherche de BT."
description_ger="Download Station ist eine webbasierte Anwendung zum Herunterladen von Dateien aus dem Internet über BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL und eMule sowie zum Abonnieren von RSS-Feeds, um Sie über die heißesten oder aktuellsten BT auf dem Laufenden zu halten. Mit dem Dienst zum automatischen Entpacken können Sie komprimierte Dateien beim Herunterladen auf Ihre Synology NAS extrahieren lassen. Mit Download Station können Sie Dateien von verschiedenen Datei-Hosting-Websites herunterladen und über Standard-Suchmaschinen sowie selbst hinzugefügte Suchmaschinen mit der BT-Suchfunktion nach Torrent-Dateien suchen."
description_hun="A Download Station egy internetes letöltőalkalmazás, amely lehetővé teszi a fájlok internetről történő letöltését a BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL és eMule segítségével, valamint a legjobb és legújabb BT szolgáltatásokkal kapcsolatos híreket közvetítő RSS-csatornákra való feliratkozást. Fájlok letöltésekor a tömörített fájlok Synology NAS eszközre történő kicsomagolásának elősegítése érdekében lehetővé teszi az automatikus kicsomagolási szolgáltatást. A Download Station segítségével több fájlszerverről is letölthet fájlokat, torrentfájlokat kereshet az alapértelmezett keresőszolgáltatásokkal, illetve az Ön által a rendszerbe felvett BT-keresőkkel."
description_ita="Download Station è un'applicazione di download basata sul Web che consente di scaricare i file da Internet tramite BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL ed eMule e di sottoscrivere i feed RSS per restare aggiornati con i BT più recenti. Offre un servizio di estrazione automatica che aiuta a estrarre i file compressi su Synology NAS tutte le volte che i file vengono scaricati. Con Download Station è possibile scaricare i file dai siti per l'hosting di file e cercare i file torrent tramite i motori di ricerca predefiniti del sistema così come i motori di ricerca aggiunti automaticamente con la funzione di ricerca BT."
description_jpn="Download Stationは、Web ベースのダウンロード アプリケーションで、あなたが BT、FTP、HTTP、NZB、FlashGet、QQDL、および eMule を通してインターネットからファイルをダウンロードできるようにし、またRSS フィードを購読して一番ホットで最新の BT にアップデートできるようにします。それは自動解凍サービスを提供するので、圧縮ファイルがダウンロードされた時はいつでもSynology NAS製品に自動解凍ができるようになります。 Download Stationを活用すると、ファイルをホストしている複数のサイトからファイルをダウンロードしたり、BT 検索機能を使ってその検索エンジンや自分で追加したエンジンで torrent ファイルを検索したりすることができます。"
description_krn="웹 기반 다운로드 응용 프로그램인 Download Station을 사용하면 BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL 및 eMule을 통해 인터넷에서 파일을 다운로드하고, RSS 피드를 구독하여 인기 있거나 최신 BT를 업데이트된 상태로 유지할 수 있습니다. 파일을 다운로드할 때마다 압축 파일을 Synology NAS에 푸는 자동 압축 풀기 서비스가 제공됩니다. Download Station을 사용하여 여러 파일 호스팅 사이트에서 파일을 다운로드하고 시스템 기본 검색 엔진뿐만 아니라 BT 검색 기능이 탑재된 자체 추가 엔진을 통해 토렌트 파일을 검색할 수 있습니다."
description_nld="Download Station is een webgebaseerde downloadtoepassing waarmee u bestanden van het internet via BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL en eMule kunt downloaden, en waarmee u zich kunt abonneren op RSS feeds om op de hoogte te blijven van de laatste nieuwe BT. Het beschikt over een automatische uitpakservice om gecomprimeerde bestanden naar uw Synology NAS uit te pakken nadat ze gedownload zijn. Met Download Station kunt u bestanden downloaden van verschillende bestandshostingsites en torrentbestanden zoeken via standaard zoekmachines van het systeem en zelf toegevoegde zoekmachines met de BT-zoekfunctie."
description_nor="Download Station er et nettbasert nedlastingsprogram som lar deg laste ned filer fra Internett gjennom BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL og eMule, og abonnere på RSS-feeder som holder deg oppdatert på de heteste eller nyeste BT. Det tilbyr automatisk utpakkingstjeneste som hjelper deg med å pakke ut komprimerte filer til Synology NAS når filene er lastet ned. Med Download Station kan du laste ned filer fra flere filvertssteder og søke etter torrent-filer både via standard søkemotorer og søkemotorer du selv har lagt til med BT-søkefunksjonen."
description_plk="Download Station jest internetową aplikacją do pobierania, która umożliwia pobieranie plików z Internetu przy użyciu protokołów BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL i eMule, a także subskrybowanie kanałów RSS na temat najnowszych i najpopularniejszych plików BT. Aplikacja jest wyposażona w funkcję automatycznego wypakowywania, za pomocą której można wypakować skompresowane, pobrane pliki na urządzenie Synology NAS. Za pomocą aplikacji Download Station można pobierać pliki z wielu serwisów udostępniania plików, a także wyszukiwać pliki torrent przy użyciu domyślnych wyszukiwarek systemowych oraz dodanych samodzielnie wyszukiwarek z funkcją wyszukiwania BT."
description_ptb="O Download Station é um aplicativo para download baseado na Web que permite que você baixe arquivos da Internet através de BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL e eMule, e assine feeds RSS para manter-se atualizado sobre o que há de mais interessante e mais recente no BT. Ele oferece o serviço de descompactação automática, que ajudará a extrair arquivos compactados para o seu Synology NAS sempre que os arquivos forem baixados. Com o Download Station, você pode baixar arquivos de vários sites de hospedagem de arquivos e pesquisar arquivos de torrent via mecanismos de pesquisa padrão do sistema, bem como aqueles auto-adicionados com a função de pesquisa de BT."
description_ptg="A Download Station é uma aplicação de transferências para browser da Web, que permite transferir ficheiros da Internet através de BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL e eMule, e subscrever a fontes RSS para o manter atualizado sobre os BT mais populares ou recentes. Oferece serviço de descompressão automático para o ajudar a extrair ficheiros comprimidos para o seu Synology NAS sempre que transferir ficheiros. Com a Download Station pode transferir ficheiros de vários sites de alojamento de ficheiros e pesquisar ficheiros torrent através de motores de busca predefinidos bem como outros adicionados automaticamente através da função de pesquisa BT."
description_rus="Download Station — это веб-приложение, позволяющее скачивать файлы из Интернета с помощью BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL и eMule, а также подписываться на каналы RSS для получения информации о последних и популярных торрентах на BT. Оно позволяет автоматически распаковывать файлы на Synology NAS после их скачивания. С помощью Download Station вы можете скачивать файлы с сайтов и выполнять поиск файлов torrent с помощью поисковых систем по умолчанию, а также самодобавляющихся файлов с помощью функции поиска BT."
description_spn="Download Station es una aplicación de descarga basada en web que le permite descargar archivos de Internet a través de BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL y eMule, y suscribirse a fuentes RSS para mantenerse al tanto de lo último sobre BT. Ofrece el servicio de extracción automática para ayudarle a extraer archivos comprimidos a Synology NAS cada vez que se descarguen archivos. Con Download Station, podrá descargar archivos de múltiples sitios de alojamiento de archivos y buscar archivos torrent a través de los motores de búsqueda predeterminados del sistema y de aquellos añadidos por el usuario con la función de búsqueda de BT."
description_sve="Download Station är en webbaserad nedladdningsapplikation som gör att du kan ladda ner filer från Internet med BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL och eMule samt prenumerera på RSS-flöden så att du kan hålla dig uppdaterad om mest populära eller senaste BT. Den erbjuder en automatisk tjänst för extrahering av dina filer till din Synology NAS närhelst filer laddas ned. Med Download Station kan du ladda ner filer från flertalet webbplatser för fillagring och söka efter torrentfiler via systemets standardsökmotorer samt sådana motorer du lagt till själv, med hjälp av funktionen BT-sökning."
description_tha="Download Station เป็นโปรแกรมดาวน์โหลดจากเว็บไซต์ที่ช่วยให้คุณดาวน์โหลดไฟล์จากอินเทอร์เน็ตผ่าน BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL และ eMule และสมัครรับฟีด RSS เพื่อให้คุณได้รับข่าวที่ร้อนที่สุดและล่าที่สุดเกี่ยวกับ BT มีบริการแตกซิปอัตโนมัติเพื่อช่วยให้คุณแตกไฟล์ไปยัง Synology NAS ของคุณทุกครั้งที่ดาวน์โหลดไฟล์ ด้วย Download Station คุณสามารถดาวน์โหลดไฟล์จากเว็บไซต์โฮสต์ไฟล์มากมาย และค้นหาไฟล์ torrent ผ่านโปรแกรมค้นหาเริ่มต้นของระบบ รวมทั้งโปรแกรมที่เพิ่มในตัวพร้อมฟังก์ชันการค้นหาของ BT"
description_trk="Download Station BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL ve eMule yolu ile internetten dosya indirmenize ve en sıcak, en yeni BT haberleri hakkında sizi sürekli bilgilendirmesi için RSS feeds'e abone olmanıza olanak tanıyan web tabanlı bir indirme uygulamasıdır. Dosyalar ne zaman indirilmiş olursa olsun, Synology NAS ürününüze sıkıştırılmış dosyaları açmaya yardımcı olacak otomatik açma hizmeti sunar. Download Station ile, birden fazla dosya barındırma sitesinden dosya indirebilir ve sistem varsayılan arama motorları aracılığıyla torrent dosyalarının yanı sıra BT arama işleviyle kendi eklediklerinizi de arayabilirsiniz."
displayname_chs="Download Station"
displayname_cht="Download Station"
displayname_csy="Download Station"
displayname_dan="Download Station"
displayname_enu="Download Station"
displayname="Download Station"
displayname_fre="Download Station"
displayname_ger="Download Station"
displayname_hun="Download Station"
displayname_ita="Download Station"
displayname_jpn="Download Station"
displayname_krn="Download Station"
displayname_nld="Download Station"
displayname_nor="Download Station"
displayname_plk="Download Station"
displayname_ptb="Download Station"
displayname_ptg="Download Station"
displayname_rus="Download Station"
displayname_spn="Download Station"
displayname_sve="Download Station"
displayname_tha="Download Station"
displayname_trk="Download Station"
sdkmodversion="1.0"
extractsize="23424"
toolkit_version="5565"
create_time="20180615-14:37:25"
