package="DownloadStation"
version="3.5-2956"
maintainer="Synology Inc."
arch="bromolow"
firmware="5.0-4447"
dsmuidir="ui"
dsmappname="SYNO.SDS.DownloadStation.Application"
allow_altport="true"
support_center="yes"
install_dep_services="pgsql"
start_dep_services="pgsql"
silent_install="yes"
silent_upgrade="yes"
silent_uninstall="yes"
support_aaprofile="yes"
description_chs="Download Station 是基于网络的下载应用程序，它可让您通过 BT、FTP、HTTP、NZB、迅雷、快車、腾讯和电驴从 Internet 下载文件，并订阅 RSS feeds 以让您获得更新的最热门或最新的 BT。它提供自动解压缩服务，以帮助您将每一次下载的压缩文件释放到 Synology DiskStation。借助 Download Station，您能从多个文件空间服务网站下载文件，并通过系统默认的搜索引擎及自定义的具备 BT 搜索功能的搜索引擎搜寻 torrent 文件。"
description_cht="Download Station 是網頁介面的下載應用程式，可讓您透過 BT、FTP、HTTP、NZB、迅雷、快車、騰訊及 eMule 從網際網路下載檔案，訂閱 RSS 摘要來立即掌握最新最熱門的 BT 檔資訊。自動解壓縮的服務可在每次檔案下載至 Synology DiskStation 的時候，自動執行解壓縮。使用 Download Station，您不但可以從檔案空間分享網站下載檔案，同時還能透過 BT 搜尋功能中系統預設和自行新增的搜尋引擎，尋找 torrent 檔案。"
description_csy="Download Station je webová aplikace, která umožňuje stahování souborů z Internetu prostřednictvím služeb BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL a eMule a přihlášení informačních kanálů RSS s nejnovějšími informacemi o BT. V rámci stahování souborů nabízí službu automatické dekomprimace pro extrahování komprimovaných souborů zařízení Synology DiskStation. Díky Download Station můžete provádět stahování z většího počtu serverů hostujících soubory a vyhledávat soubory torrent pomocí výchozích vyhledávačů systému nebo vlastních vyhledávačů vybavených funkcí hledání BT."
description_dan="Download Station er et webbaseret downloadprogram, som sætter dig i stand til at downloade filer fra internettet via BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL og eMule og abonnere på RSS-feeds for at holde dig opdateret om det bedste eller seneste BT. Den indeholder automatisk udpakningstjeneste, der hjælper dig med at udtrække komprimerede filer til din Synology DiskStation, når filer downloades. Med Download Station kan du downloade filer fra flere filwebsteder og søge efter torrent-filer via standard systemsøgemaskiner samt egne tilføjede programmer med BT-søgefunktionen."
description_enu="Download Station is a web-based download application which allows you to download files from the Internet through BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL, and eMule, and subscribe to RSS feeds to keep you updated on the hottest or latest BT. It offers the auto unzip service to help you extract compressed files to your Synology DiskStation whenever files are downloaded. With Download Station, you can download files from multiple file hosting sites, and search for torrent files via system default search engines as well as self-added engines with the BT search function."
description="Download Station is a web-based download application which allows you to download files from the Internet through BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL, and eMule, and subscribe to RSS feeds to keep you updated on the hottest or latest BT. It offers the auto unzip service to help you extract compressed files to your Synology DiskStation whenever files are downloaded. With Download Station, you can download files from multiple file hosting sites, and search for torrent files via system default search engines as well as self-added engines with the BT search function."
description_fre="Download Station est une application de téléchargement Web qui vous permet de télécharger des fichiers sur Internet via BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL, et eMule, et de vous abonner aux flux RSS pour rester informé des torrents BT les plus recherchés et les plus récents. Elle offre le service de décompression automatique pour vous aider à extraire des fichiers compressés sur votre Synology DiskStation chaque fois que les fichiers sont téléchargés. Avec Download Station, vous pouvez télécharger des fichiers à partir de plusieurs sites d'hébergement de fichiers, et rechercher de fichiers torrent via les moteurs de recherche par défaut du système ainsi que ceux que vous avez ajoutés avec la fonction de recherche BT."
description_ger="Die Download Station ist eine webbasierte Anwendung zum Herunterladen von Dateien aus dem Internet über BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL und eMule, sowie zum Abonnement von RSS-Feeds, um Sie über die heißesten oder aktuellsten BT auf dem Laufenden zu halten. Mit dem Dienst zum automatischen Entpacken können Sie komprimierte Dateien beim Herunterladen auf die Synology DiskStation extrahieren lassen. Mit der Download Station können Sie Dateien von Datei-Hosting-Sites herunterladen und nach Torrent-Dateien über Standard-Suchmaschinen sowie selbst hinzugefügte Suchmaschinen mit der BT-Suchfunktion suchen."
description_hun="A Download Station olyan web-alapú letöltő alkalmazás, ami lehetővé teszi fájlok internetről történő letöltését BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL, és eMule segítségével, illetve RSS-feedek előfizetését, hogy naprakészen tartsák önt a legújabb BT tekintetében. Fájlok letöltésekor lehetővé teszi az automatikus kicsomagolási szolgáltatást a tömörített fájlok Synology DiskStation alkalmazásra történő kicsomagolásának elősegítésére. A Download Station segítségével letölthet fájlokat több fájlkiszolgálóról, kereshet torrentfájlokat az alapértelmezett keresőszolgáltatásokkal, illetve olyan BT-keresőkkel, amelyeket ön vett fel a rendszerbe."
description_ita="Download Station è un applicazione di download basata sul web che consente di scaricare i file da Internet tramite BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL e eMule e di sottoscrivere i feed RSS per restare aggiornati con i BT più recenti. Offre un servizio di estrazione automatica che aiuta a estrarre i file compressi su Synology DiskStation tutte le volte che i file vengono scaricati. Con Download Station è possibile scaricare i file dai siti per l'hosting di file e cercare i file torrent tramite i motori di ricerca predefiniti del sistema così come i motori di ricerca aggiunti automaticamente con la funzione di ricerca BT."
description_jpn="Download Station は、BT、FTP、HTTP、NZB、Thunder、FlashGet、QQDL、eMule でインターネットからファイルをダウンロードしたり、RSS フィードを購読して話題の最新 BT を知ることができるダウンロード アプリケーションです。ファイルをダウンロードすると、圧縮ファイルを Synology DiskStation に自動展開する機能があります。Download Station を活用すると、ファイルをホストしている複数のサイトからファイルをダウンロードしたり、システムのデフォルトの検索エンジンや、BT 検索機能を持つ自分で追加したエンジンで torrent ファイルを検索したりすることができます。"
description_krn="웹 기반 응용 프로그램인 Download Station을 이용하면 BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL 및 eMule을 통해 인터넷에서 파일을 다운로드하고, RSS 피드를 구독하여 인기있는 최신 BT를 항상 받아볼 수 있습니다. 이 응용 프로그램은 오디오 압축 해제 서비스를 제공하므로 압축된 파일이 다운로드될 때마다 Synology DiskStation에 압축을 해제하는 데 유용합니다. Download Station을 통해 여러 파일 호스팅 사이트에서 파일을 다운로드하고, 시스템 기본 검색 엔진 뿐만 아니라 BT 검색 기능을 가진 자체 추가 엔진을 통해서 Torrent 파일을 검색할 수 있습니다."
description_nld="Download Station is een webgebaseerde downloadtoepassing waarmee u bestanden van het internet kunt downloaden via BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL en eMule, en u kunt abonneren op RSS feeds om op de hoogte te blijven van de laatste nieuwe BT. Het beschikt over een uitpakservice om gecomprimeerde bestanden uit te pakken naar uw Synology DiskStation wanneer de bestanden zijn gedownload. Met Download Station kunt u bestanden downloaden van verschillende bestandshostingsites en torrentbestanden zoeken via standaard zoekmachines van het systeem en zelf toegevoegde zoekmachines met de BT-zoekfunctie."
description_nor="Download Station er et nettbasert nedlastingsprogram som lar deg laste ned filer fra Internett gjennom BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL og eMule, og abonnere på RSS-feeder som holder deg oppdatert på de heteste eller nyeste BT. Den tilbyr automatisk utpakkingstjenesten som hjelper dem med å pakke ut filer til din Synology DiskStation når filene er nedlastet. Med Download Station kan du laste ned filer fra flere filvertssteder og søke etter torrent-filer både via standard søkemotorer og søkemotorer du selv har lagt til med BT-søkefunksjon."
description_plk="Download Station to oparta na przeglądarce internetowej aplikacja do pobierania, w której można pobierać pliki z Internetu przy użyciu protokołów BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL i eMule, a także subskrybować kanały RSS na temat najnowszych i najpopularniejszych plików BT. Aplikacja ta zawiera funkcję Autorozpakowywanie, za pomocą której można wypakować skompresowane, pobrane pliki na serwer Synology DiskStation. Za pomocą aplikacji Download Station można pobierać pliki z wielu serwisów udostępniania plików oraz wyszukiwać pliki torrent przy użyciu domyślnych wyszukiwarek systemowych oraz dodanych samodzielnie wyszukiwarek z funkcją wyszukiwania BT."
description_ptb="O Download Station é um aplicativo para download baseado na Internet que permite que você baixe arquivos da Internet através de BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL e eMule e assine feeds RSS para manter-se atualizado sobre as mais interessantes e mais recentes BTs. Ele oferece serviço de descompactação automática para ajudá-lo a extrair arquivos compactados para o Synology DiskStation sempre que os arquivos forem baixados. Com o Download Station, você pode baixar arquivos de vários sites de hospedagem de arquivos e pesquisar arquivos de torrent via mecanismos de pesquisa padrão do sistema, bem como aqueles auto-adicionados com a função de pesquisa de BT."
description_ptg="Download Station é uma aplicação de transferências com base na web, que permite transferir ficheiros da Internet através de BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL, e eMule, e subscrever a fontes RSS para o manter a par do BT mais popular ou recente. Oferece um serviço automático de descompressão para ajudar a extrair ficheiros comprimidos para a sua Synology DiskStation sempre que transferir ficheiros. Com a Download Station pode transferir ficheiros de múltiplos sites de armazenamento de ficheiros, e pesquisar ficheiros torrent através de motores de busca predefinidos bem como outros adicionados automaticamente através da função de pesquisa BT."
description_rus="Download Station – это веб-приложение, позволяющее загружать файлы из Интернета с помощью BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL и eMule, а также подписываться на каналы RSS для получения информации о последних популярных торрентах на BT. Оно позволяет автоматически распаковывать файлы в Synology DiskStation после их загрузки. С помощью Download Station вы можете загружать файлы с сайтов-хостингов и выполнять поиск файлов torrent с помощью поисковых систем по умолчанию, а также самодобавляющихся файлов с помощью функции поиска BT."
description_spn="Download Station es una aplicación de descarga basada en web que le permite descargar archivos de Internet a través de BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL y eMule, y suscribirse a fuentes RSS para mantenerse al tanto de lo último sobre BT. Ofrece el servicio de extracción automática para ayudarle a extraer archivos comprimidos a su Synology DiskStation cada vez que se descarguen archivos. Con Download Station, podrá descargar archivos de múltiples sitios de alojamiento de archivos y buscar archivos de torrent a través de los motores de búsqueda predeterminados del sistema y de aquellos añadidos por el usuario con la función de búsqueda de BT."
description_sve="Download Station är ett webbaserad nedladdningsprogram, vilket låter dig ladda ned filer från Internet med BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL och eMule samt prenumerera på RSS-flöden så att du kan hålla dig uppdaterad med det hetaste och senaste BT. Den erbjuder en automatisk service för att zippa upp för att hjälpa dig att extrahera komprimerade filer till din Synology DiskStation närhelst filer laddas ned. Med Download Station kan du ladda ner filer från flertalet fillagringssajter och söka efter torrentfiler via systemets standardsökmotorer samt sådana motorer du lagt till själv med hjälp av BT-sökfunktionen."
description_trk="Download Station, BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, Thunder, FlashGet, QQDL ve eMule yolu ile İnternet'ten dosya indirmenize ve en sıcak, en yeni BT haberleri hakkında sizi sürekli bilgilendirmesi için RSS feeds'e abone olmanıza olanak tanıyan web tabanlı bir indirme uygulamasıdır. Dosyalar nereden indirilmiş olursa olsun, Synology DiskStation'a sıkıştırılmış dosyaları açmaya yardımcı olacak otomatik açma hizmeti sunar. Download Station ile, birden fazla dosya barındırma sitesinden dosya indirebilir ve sistem varsayılan arama motorları aracılığıyla torrent dosyalarının yanı sıra BT arama işleviyle kendi eklediklerinizi de arayabilirsiniz."
displayname_chs="Download Station"
displayname_cht="Download Station"
displayname_csy="Download Station"
displayname_dan="Download Station"
displayname_enu="Download Station"
displayname="Download Station"
displayname_fre="Download Station"
displayname_ger="Download Station"
displayname_hun="Download Station"
displayname_ita="Download Station"
displayname_jpn="Download Station"
displayname_krn="Download Station"
displayname_nld="Download Station"
displayname_nor="Download Station"
displayname_plk="Download Station"
displayname_ptb="Download Station"
displayname_ptg="Download Station"
displayname_rus="Download Station"
displayname_spn="Download Station"
displayname_sve="Download Station"
displayname_trk="Download Station"
sdkmodversion="1.0"
extractsize="29196"
